feat: aws-machine-image datasource (#11869)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/versioning/aws-machine-image/readme.md

> Renovate's aws machine image versioning is a kind of hack to support ami updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate's AWS Machine Image versioning is a kind of hack to support Amazon Machine Images (AMI) updates.
```

> At the moment every ami that matches the regex `^ami-[a-z0-9]{17}$` is considered as a valid "releases"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment every AMI that matches the regex `^ami-[a-z0-9]{17}$` is considered a valid "release".
```
